---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---
### What did you do this past week?
  This past week I finished up the Darwin project with my partner Justin. We had a lot of small issues in our code that were causing segmentation faults, like doing a bound test that was just one number off. I also participated in the ACM coding competition and got to 22nd place, my highest yet. The problems mostly involved a lot of complex algorithms, yet I managed to solve quite a few of them.

### What's in your way?
  Currently I still need to finish my website I have been working on. I also need to get an internship. I am waiting to hear back from a couple companies that I had done online coding tests for and Atlassian has given me a 90 minute online coding test that I have to take to get to the next stage of the interview process.
   
### What will you do next week?
  I will start to work on the next project and hopefully finish it early next week. I will also try to finish up some of the completion questions later this week and a tempt the Google code jam as well. I will also finish up the Atlassian coding test.

### What's my experience of the class?
 My experience this week was good. The project was fun as it felt like a puzzle trying to figure out what responsibilities each class of Darwin, Creature, and Species would have to avoid getters and setters. Also Downing has begun to teach us how static works, something I had never really used much in Java so I have little understanding of it and I am looking forward to learning its semantics.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
 My pick of the week would be to write unit tests for any project as you go along no matter how small or obvious a method can be. This is because this can help you focus where you need to debug instead of searching for one small error in one small method that you had not written so carefully.
