---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---
### What did you do this past week?
  This past week I finnaly got my laptop back from repairs; however I will have to return it this Monday as I relized more than half of the keyboard does not function. I also participated in Earth Hack this weekend with a group of students from UT. We built an android app called PickItUp that used a google maps overlay where people take a picture of litter and the app would use a Microsoft virtualization API to identify what kind of trash it was. The user could then log that they picked up the litter or that they did not so that other users could. It had an achievement system to promote users to clean up the environment. I helped write the backend that synchronized the data between android phones, which was done through sockets with a NodeJS server hosted by AWS that held all the liter data. I really enjoyed working with node.js again on this project and especially learning about the many virtualization APIs.

The hack got past the first round of judging where judges went from table to table evaluating each hack. It won awards for being one of the top phone apps. The hack then got to the final stage of judging with just seven groups left where we presented the project in an auditorium in front of a panal of judges, but fell short of the top three.

### What's in your way?
  I have to return my laptop to repair the keyboard and will have to deal with not having a computer at my apartment.
   
### What will you do next week?
 This next week I will start studying for the opp final as I have multiple finals that same day.
### What's my experience of the class?
 This past week Downing spent a lot of time lecturing about how C++ implements inheritance. He does a great job at highlighting the differences between Java and C++ in this matter, like by pointing out that unlike Java C++ will not search for a functions in its parent class above it if the method signatures do not match in the child class.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
 My tip of the week would be to check out theese two virtualization APIs, Clarifai and Microsoft Cognitive Services. Both can return tags that relate to a picture fairly accurately and would be great to check out if you are interested in image recognition.

