---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---
### What did you do this past week?
  This past week I have been studding for all my tests I have next week. I have the Opp, stats, and gov tests all next Thursday. I have been going over all the Opp quizzes for review and all of the lecture notes after the first midterm. I then worked with Ty to create a study guide for the midterm, but I have also been working on a practice test as well.

### What's in your way?
  I have to have my laptop finally repaired and return by next Thursday, or else I will have to borrow someone else's as it is currently being repaired. I also still have to make time to study for all my classes, and so far I have only been able to get around to studding for 2 of them.
   
### What will you do next week?
 This next week I will be studying all day, everyday for all my midterms.
 
### What's my experience of the class?
 This past week we are still learning new concepts like unique and shared pointer for the second midterm. It is a bit stressful as the test feels more like a final than a midterm as there is no final for the class, but it is not cumulative.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
 My tip of the week would be to work in a group while studying for the opp exam. You are bound to forget some vital facts or compiler optimization, when working in a group it is bound to happen that one of your group members brings that up and you remember that you had forgotten all about it. I would also recommend that in addition to looking over all the notes and quizzes, that you should also look over all the exercises and try to implement them again from memory.
