---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---
### What did you do this past week?
  This past week I finished up the coding portion of the Life project with my partner Ty and passed the Hackerrank tests. I also attended the Music Hackathon this week and worked on trying to make a music visualizer with a program called p5.js. I also worked on a bit on my school website and started planing out some personal projects.

### What's in your way?
  I still have to put the finishing touches on the Life project like extra comments and asserts. I also have to start studying more for the quizzes as I have been on a losing streak for the past couple.
   
### What will you do next week?
  This next week I will work on the finishing touches of the project. I still have to add more comments and asserts in the code. I will start and finish the UML documentation for the project, I found the site YUML really useful to generate UML for my last Darwin project and will definitely be using it again for this project.
  

### What's my experience of the class?
 This past week Downing spent a lot of time lecturing about how to implement the Life project. This helped clear up confusion on how to implement some parts of the project, however this made the project really easy to implement as we were told how to implement certain parts of the project.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
 My tip of the week would be to practice doing coding problems on HackerRank. Hackerrank has a lot of practice problems that you can work on that can help you get prepared for blackboard interview questions and some companies even use HackerRank to do online interviews.
